First and foremost fuck your spelling and punctuation, it can be corrected later, you must let the thoughts flow then go back and fix them later. Secondly feel your emotions and let them flow here and be honest with yourself about them so that you have a full and thorough flow of inner dialogue. 

I am a broken man. A man nonetheless… I have all my life felt like something was missing, I have trouble starting this thought simply due to the difficult nature of the questions it encompasses. First thing that comes to mind is the fact that I feel simultaneously that I worship a god that I don't believe in, yet part of me has the firm belief that there is no other way for our existence to be a thing. It feels like the only way and the least likely, it infuriates me so. 

I have a problem with vice. I hate the station that is provided me, but feel that it would haunt me as a ghost haunts a trespasser. I need to figure out why I do not like the common state of mind that I enjoy on a daily basis, I feel asleep always... as if I have been and currently am a walking talking ghost, followed by this informative the fact that I live and breath lies and disinformation about my station. I can change it but for some reason I chose not to, all that it would take is to journey past where ewe have been before. Either take a step forward or leave the world behind it makes no sense otherwise... yet here I stand. 

I am infuriated by the world around me. I am subjected to the abso9lute torment of a wasted potential that I have had in my life. I feel like it could change at any moment but for some reason I cant figure out, I stay stagnant in my ways... other than accepting "god as my lord and savior" I have made no markable progress in the way that I view the world. Even at that, some days I feel it is a lie I tell myself to keep from giving in entirely. If only I could go back and tell myself to continue your vicious progress towards whatever you deem necessary, the world would be a better place for it. I only wish that this txt were going anywhere at all but I think it may fall on ears never to be heard. Ever person of potentiality has been faced with this wall of verisimilitude, these thoughts plague me as a locust plagues a swarm. I only wish someone would come and fix me. but seems to me no matter what I try noone wants my depressing ass next to them while they persevere their own troubled path. Everyone lies to themselves, including me, thinking they have  no control over what it is that they would do, could do, will do... I simply want every one to live their life as they would if no conflict existed in this world. Conflict of inner, outer, and upper self plagues those with weak winds (which is most of us) the only way I was able to change my path is when I ignored everything but a set path and nearly killed myself with my endurance. Prior to my belief in god I believed that all divinity was the process of man completing his will. But after I witnessed what one mans divinity meant to another I changed my outlook on man. I now think man is a simple beast without process, every decision is a predefined notion  based on the consequences of his surroundings and his upbringing. 

My sister plays a big part in my outlook on life. She had every possibility to make e3very thing better, and was well underway but got crushed by the progress of man, at le3ast I believe that she was troubled mainly by that progress of man so common as procreation. every person she met tried to control her actions and way of being that she simply folded under the pressure like I am nearing to. If I had less coping mechanisms I would have folded a long time ago. But I feel my emotions in a healthy way... what are you even talking about your piece of shit your literally the textbook def. of a person who uses vice to solve their problems. Get better and deal with your own shit before talking about someone else. Even if she is my sister and I love her, I am able to see her problems, while it isn't a bad thing she used her ability of wooing men to abandon her own children, and if she was able to do that then I am able to so much worse because of my nature of being a stoic introspcter. It seems to me the best course of action is to try and interrogate her to find  her ability to ignore her emotions in a effort to figure out what is wrong with me but it seems unlikely to solve anything, because more than likely she did those things involuntarily due to her "nature" I hope that I can be better but doubt it if I am being honest with myself. 

It is becoming ever more obvious to me that I need to ask for help from someone who understands these type of problems, there has to be some kind of person that is able to fix the cyclical pattern that my brain is in currently. 

I see a thing that needs to be done, look at all the details and find one reason of chance that the thing that causes  me pause has over my situation, and decide not to execute. This  one problem is the thing that causes me the most pain in my life I think. My drinking, past smoking, and even my worldview is caused by this one problem I think. But then again I had the idea that my hearty was failing and that turned out to just be an anxiety problem. A regular heart beat, nearly perfect bloodwork, minor vitamin deficiency, and for some reason I have a hard time believing that I am ok. I want to be thankful to god, but I fear that he doesn't exist and that I am lying to myself about his existence to mane myself feel better. Where do I end and god begin, where do my actions remain my own and gods pressing feelings cause action, or inaction. Why can someone believe in predestination and also believe in freewill. It makes no sense to me. Why do I have this problem... I think it lies in my refusal to understand the subconscious mind... basically my mind subsides in two categories, subconscious and conscious. Every mistake I have ever made was due to my previous experience influencing my subconscious min or my active mind going against my instincts (my unconcious mind) I feel my unconcious mind stopped progressing passively just after high school, maybe after my cessation of consistent reading at Hershey farm... I think it is possible that it ceases development when you reach a certain age, but that may be be a crutch to explain why I am failing at my life. 

It means a lot to me that I am typing this currently, it comes from deep in the soul and I believe it is how I truly feel about things. My mind is the thing I treasure most in this world, it is the constant for the universe and if I ever were to lose it, I think it would spell the end for the things I care about, not just myself... that can be accomplished easily enough. People count on me for things that should be a comfort but it isn't. Instead it pressures me into thinking this way... this sort of unconcious fear of willing to have forward momentum. I am glad I can type so fast because when I couldn't I had no place for these thoughts to go to or escape. I feel this incessant pressure to release the truth of my soul, that only can happen at the speed of typing,  or speech but I feel it comes from a safer, deeper place when I type things out on a keyboard... even if I record myself alone speaking it feels that way. I think it comes from my past/ history of typing in video games or online messaging with friends. It feels safer somehow, though I realize every key I press is probably being logged somewhere by someone. 

My goal is to show this to someone I can trust with full propriety, without judgement and hopefully with some level of trust in the future of myself. Being that of a person who has intere3st in my getting better from this horrifying state of being. Though I may seem okay in the normal way of speaking, I have cause to believe that I am an outlier from society... I see things that are probably best left unobserved, as far as the actions and evidence of peoples interactions are concerned. I have at multiple times found myself regretting things that I said that were simple observations or secondary actions which caused concern amongst my friends/cohorts. I am glad to be able to have observed them because I have benefited from them in the past... but I feel that thy are the reason for me not feeling that I am normal. It hurts me phyusically to comprehend that I am different from the everyman, I fear I am thinking I am better than those around me ... when in reality I am worse off than most others... I need someone to tell me i'm not crazy but simulataneously belive that I am entirely obscene and with no original though. I scares me so much that I have procrastinated seeking professional help for nigh on 8 years. 

About 10 years ago my father passed and I became the lastmale to carry on the Heist name, this means so much to me that I am scared to state it. But it is imperative that I carry oonl the name... my father distilled it into me that family lineage is most important I belive, even after much thougt that Is very seriously important because it is where we all come from. The bloodlines that are dead neded are places where evolution fails, where your mind and body are found without recourse and without import. If you have no children you are a failure... even if your values are imparted upon a gneration that isnt named your name... your name isn't carried, which means your ancestors will not undferstand or value y our contribution to their line. I feel a territorial imperative to enact a sort of thing that doesn't refledct my values. I have high value in mates... meaning I have (probably unrealistic for my "scale" expectation for my mate) this is evidenced by a complete lack in sexual partners even inty my late twenties. Not for lack of choice, but for definite selection (I have turned down 2 females for sex because I have felt their inadequacy) It feels like burning in my heart when I turned them down. I felt both times that "god doesn't want this" and left both times. It scares me very very much because at the time of typing this I am 26, I though it would be "solved" by now but I don't necessarily understand why it hasn't happened yet. 

Vice is the only thing that makes me feel at home anymore, It scares me because I feel that it is possible I can only end n tragedy because of the nature of it. Drink, coke, and weed are the worst of it at the moment. But I have felt the draw of a more severe kind by friends and family. At best I find think it could be be=cause of the effects drugs such as that have on the brain. At worst I think it is the only divinity that man can find... the world finds things better than the common experience to find solace in, I fear it's influence on the average human mind due to its ineptitude to handle strife and conflict of the inner self. I Simply want an answer to what cannot be verified, our existence due to a divine existence or is it because of our will to survive and think up things to exist for. I have been victim to simple fabrications of the mind in relation to my reason for being here. Some valid, some definitely not. It scares me that I don't know the answer even in my "late" twenties. I am a good person, yet I feel incomplete and wasted on my current endeavors. 
