---
sticker: emoji//1f4a5
---
<span style="color:#ff0000">Sazen Bhamar</span> ||| @Badmeis Foundry PW: 223456789
Pathfinder Sorcerer 

Adopted by Edrin
	Edrin an Aasimar adopted Sazen after the fall of Elysia. 

Witnessed the Herald 
	On one of his jobs for a crime group called the Consortium, by which he was adopted when he was 13. When he witnessed the herald he lost his vision.

<span style="color:#ffff00">"Cass"-idy - Thief who worked with Sazen Bhamar in the heist where he saw the Herald
</span>

---
<span style="color:#ff0000">Illayra</span> ||| @Nebulousmatt Foundry PW: (old)323456789 > f
Human Artificer 
<span style="color:#7030a0">Chaotic Neutral</span>
<span style="color:#ffc000">Owner of "Sinner's Rest" </span>
	In the Guild Square near the central intersection where their estate lies. It Used to have seedy visitors. 
	After a run in with "The Family" she now owes a debt, and they foreclosed on The Golden Flagon. 

<span style="color:#ffc000">Constructed T.H.U.M.P.</span>
	Made from broken down kegs and waste generated by the tavern, fueled on alcohol. She made him for an unpaid bouncer, but ended up earning a friend with her hard work. 

---
<span style="color:#ff0000">T. H. U. M. P. </span>||| @KrYpTiX Foundry PW: 423456789
Warforged monk, made of beer barrels. 
<span style="color:#7030a0">Neutral</span>
Short backstory due to a short(ish) life. More to come.

---
<span style="color:#ff0000">SKREEP</span> ||| @RebelliousBear Foundry PW: (old)523456789 > Skreep
(Kobold Rogue/Paladin) *a "non-serious character"* 
<span style="color:#00b0f0">"THIEVES CANT" IN CHAR. SHEET</span>
<span style="color:#7030a0">Chaotic Good</span>
<span style="color:#ffc000">Has Ties</span> to the Family in <span style="color:#ffc000">Opportunity</span>. 
	Kobold who originally lived in The Profligate city during its collapse. 
	While stealing he was caught by Mavakos, a member of The Family's secret fencing guild. He tested him with a few contracts and then a large one, after it's completion he gave her The Pocket Watch. 
	(<span style="color:#ff0000">This will probably lead to a quest in the future</span>)
*"An oversized pocket-watch sparkling silver with red accents. Etched on the cover of the watch states "My life... for you Verona" With the Initials V. + E. underneath."*
<span style="color:#ffc000">"More info needed, seems like filler."</span>

The Family reached out after a job and gifted Skreep the following item: 

---
GOALS: XP values are Encounter Difficulty * 3 in XP value
QUESTS: XP values are Encounter Difficulty * 4 in XP value
[Encounter Calculator](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/basic-rules/building-combat-encounters#CombatEncounterDifficulty)

<span style="color:#00b0f0">Quests</span>
1. 
2. 

Son Leto Julii - <span style="color:#c00000">contract to be killed by Aorta 250gp</span>
Mother Dianne Julii - <span style="color:#c00000">contract to be killed by Aorta for an undetermined amount of gold</span>

<span style="color:#00b0f0">Goals</span>
<span style="color:#ffc000">(Sazen Bhamar)</span> @Badmeis (Level 2 Human, Sorcerer)
1. harvest a newly formed local fissure [S1] wt1
2. earn some extra cash outside the mission [S1] wt2
3. Figure out where Leto is [S3] wt1

Last Session: wt1, wt2 = 100xp (leveled to 3)

<span style="color:#ffc000">Illayra</span> @Nebuluousmatt (Level 1 Human, Artificer)
1. I want to take my tavern back [S1] wt1
2. Get started taking down the family [s3] wt1
3. I want to dig up more info on The Family [S1] wt1

Last Session: wt1 = 

<span style="color:#ffc000">T. H. U. M. P. </span>(Level 2 Warforged, Monk)
1. Harvest a fissure [S1] wt1 
2. To complete the Leto contract [S3] wt1
3. Complete a kill for Druzil [S4]

Last Session: 

<span style="color:#ffc000">SKREEP</span> (Level 1 Kobold, Draconic Sorcerer)
1. <span style="color:#ff0000">Prevent the party from killing Leto and Dianne (Private)</span>
2. <span style="color:#ff0000">Find a black market to sell the juice reagent for a high price (Public & Private)</span>
3. <span style="color:#c00000">Find Mavakos' whereabouts (Private) [S1]</span> wt1

Last Session: 

